Update ballerina FFI guide (#5706)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/java-interoperability/java-interoperability-guide/ballerina-ffi.md

```ballerina
function pop(handle arrayDequeObj) returns handle = @java:Method {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;

function push(handle arrayDequeObj, handle e) = @java:Method {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;
```

If you compare these functions with the Java method signatures, you would notice the additional `handle arrayDequeObj` parameter in Ballerina functions. Let’s look at a sample usage to understand the reason.

```ballerina
public function main() {

>     // Create a new instance of `ArrayDeque`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Create a new `ArrayDeque` instance.
```

Imagine that you want to design an API to manipulate a stack of string values by using the Java `ArrayDeque` utility. You can create a Ballerina class as follows.

```ballerina
import ballerina/jballerina.java;

public class StringStack {
    private handle jObj;

    public function init() {
        self.jObj = newArrayDeque();
    }

    public function push(string element) {
        push(self.jObj, java:fromString(element));
    }

    public function pop() returns string {
        handle handleEle = pop(self.jObj);
        // Error handling and null safety are discussed later in this guide
        // This example uses an empty string for now.
        return java:toString(handleEle) ?: "";

    }
}

function newArrayDeque() returns handle = @java:Constructor {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;

function pop(handle receiver) returns handle = @java:Method {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;

function push(handle receiver, handle element) = @java:Method {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;
```

> This class presents a much clearer API compared to the previous API. Below is a sample usage of this class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class presents a much clearer API compared to the previous API. The below is a sample usage of this class.
```

You can use the `trap` action to stop the propagation of the panic and to get an `error` value.

```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import ballerina/jballerina.java;

function newArrayDeque() returns handle = @java:Constructor {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;

function pop(handle receiver) returns handle = @java:Method {
    'class: "java.util.ArrayDeque"
} external;

public function main() {
    handle arrayDeque = newArrayDeque();
    handle|error element = trap pop(arrayDeque);
    if element is error {
        io:println(element.message());
        io:println(element.detail());
        io:println(element.stackTrace());
    } else {
        // .....
    }
}

```
### Java checked exceptions

> Below, you can see how to call a Java method that throws a checked exception. As illustrated in the following example, the corresponding Ballerina function should have the `error` type as part of its return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows how to call a Java method that throws a checked exception. As illustrated in it, the corresponding Ballerina function should have the `error` type as part of its return type.
```
